Homework for this week.

1. Read Splitting a Project Lecture

2.
   a. What is a Parameter? 
			 Parameter is a kind of variable that breaks pieces of data that is provided to the coder and those pieces are called arguments. Like a parameter is kind of like a property of the procedure and can be made into many different languages.
   
   b. What is an argument?
			 Kind of explained it above but, am argument is like an expression, and the expression is then passed to the parameter when it is called. 
   
   c. What are the differences between an argument and a parameter?
			 An argument is an expression in a function call, and a parameter is an object or reference that is declared in a function or definiton.
3.
   a. What is a function?
			 A function is like the name of a procedure that performs a distincit serice. The language that requests the function is called a function call and a programmer can specify by typing out these provided functions.
   
   b. what is a constructor?
			 A constructor resembles a istance method and it differs from a method and has no explicit return type. Constructors often have the same name as the declaring class and have a task of staring the objects data.
   
   c. what are the differences between the two?
			 A constructor is used to create the instance of an object and is completely different from a function. Also there is no return statement in the body of the constructor.
4. 
   a. How do functions and constructors utilise and interact with parameters and arguments?
			 A function needs a certain information well code to be able to do its work, The information is arguments or parameters and then its passed to the function by the player.
   
   b. why?
			 Cause without Parameters or arguments you wouldn't have a game nothing would run.

5. 
   a. What are the differences between calling and creating a function?
			 The main difference between creating and calling a function is, Creating is making an object appear on the screen and calling a function is a method of an object that is substituting another object for the current object.

   b. What is a prototype?
			 A prototype is an object which other objects inherit properties, that makes the process of adding custom properties and other methods to all other instances of an object.

6. 
   a. For what reasons do we create reusable objects/classes?
			 If you want to use/build several objects when coding or programming with the same definition you can create a constructor that will allow you to define an object pattern and reuse it.
   
   b. Why as programmers is this prefferable?
			 It helps the programmers to make their job alot easier and creating a resuable object or class because they can use it several times.
